resource persons from ossian discuss
problem-based learning problem based
learning or ppl is a student-centered
pedagogy in which students learn about a
subject through the experience of
problem solving this approach is playing
a greater role in the education system
in Assam aware of the importance of this
format of teaching and learning the
Faculty of Medicine at prince of songkla
university organized the third
asia-pacific joint conference on
problem-based learning AP JC ppl the
conference took place in the southern
province of phuket in december 2014
participants from the asia-pacific
region exchange ideas and shared
practices related to ppl with resource
persons professor animal fat suit itano
found the philippines coded a survey
that the application of the ppl format
was useful for students as it provides
them with opportunities to develop their
capacity students will learn how to
think analytically this approach
response to the growing demand for
innovative learning and helps solve the
problem of a shortage of teachers in
specific fields professor banana Dean
mood sell a from Malaysia said that in
Malaysia the application of this ppl
system is divided into three stages the
first stage involves the introduction of
this system among students in the
Faculty of Medicine in the second stage
students at other faculties adopt this
learning system which is further
developed at the national level in the
third stage
a new public nakula a professor at the
Faculty of Medicine prince of songkla
University said that a total of
twenty-two universities in Thailand have
already applied ppl in their faculties
of medicine all of this number twenty
our state universities and to our
private universities with about 1,500
students a year he said the PDF format
will help medicine students cope with
medical problems in a real world they
will have opportunities to practice
their skills in communication and in
working with other people as well there
are eight factors that may affect the
quality of this learning from that they
include the behavior of learners the
role of teachers the quality of the
situations of problems management and
leadership content and related context
resources and education facilities
learning evaluation and the numbers of
learners